# Usability vs UX 

According to Carroll [1], Human Computer Interaction (HCI) is focused on understanding the interaction between a person and an interaction system, where a system can be anything from a physical element like a button to a digital one like a cellphone screen. Essentially, it involves psychology, computer science, human factors, and usability factor. 

Now, for the user experience (UX) part, according to the Interaction Design Foundation (IxDF) [4], it cites the formal definition from ISO, that it defines it in two parts: the perception and response of a person, and the use of a product, system, or service. This implies that UX cannot control how a person feels, how they control or use the product, but rather how to create features to evoke the user experience. An example of this could be how a digital product provides cues to help the user achieve their goal. This encompasses usability as well as human-computer interaction.

Finally, regarding usability according to (IxDF) [3], it is a measure of how well a specific user in a specific context can use a product/design to achieve a defined goal effectively, efficiently, satisfactorily. It is a component of UX. This source indicates that it may involve aspects such as navigation, familiarity, consistency, error prevention, feedback, visual clarity, and flexibility & efficiency.

In conclusion with the three parts, UX encompasses Usability and HCI aspects. **The usability covers human factors as well as human-computer interaction (HCI). Thus, the difference between UX and usability is that usability focuses on measuring user actions with respect to a product or design, while UX involves a wide range of key aspects, from visual design to interface design, encouraging to create positive user experiences with the product or design.**

In the project, artifacts are helpful in the user experience expectations. **In the case of the "persons", it determines what kind of "person" we would be serving to with this online appointment scheduling service**, that is the current idea at the moment. Now, to measure these aspects, in the non-functional requirements, the expected measures are part of determining if the user receives the service satisfactorily.

**An expected functionality in the appointment management system would be for the user to determine the sections of psychologists and understand the psychologist's approach**, in this mannner they can confidently schedule an appointment with the psychologist. This aspect could be measured based on user interviews to determine how accurately they understand the psychologist's approach, involving navigation, consistency, and visual clarity. A question could be linked to a predefined formal response by the team to determine the user's similarity from 0 to 100% in understanding an approach.
  
## References
[1] Carroll. J. M. 2009. Human Computer Interaction (HCI). Interaction Design Encyclopedia. Vol. 6. p. 2010. Retrieved Google Académico from https://snoopedu.com/app/uploads/2022/03/Reading1_HCI.pdf
[2] Virtual SYS Technologies. s.f. Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) and User Experience (UX) Design: Creating Effective Digital Interactions. Retrieved from https://virtualsystechnologies.com/human-computer-interaction-hci-and-user-experience-ux-design-creating-effective-digital-interactions/
[3] Interaction Design Foundation - IxDF. “What is Usability?” Interaction Design Foundation - IxDF. Retrieved from https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/topics/usability
[4] Interaction Design Foundation - IxDF. "What is user experience (UX) design?" Interaction Design Foundation - IxDF. Retrieved from https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/topics/ux-design